README.md, before:

====
    Copyright 2010 OpenEngSB Division, Vienna University of Technology

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
====

LICENSE
==========================

The OpenCIT is developed and released under the Apache 2 license. The license 
file is packaged with this distribution (LICENSE), but also available 
[here](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). The included
NOTICE file lists all external libraries and there specific licenses.

OpenCIT
-------
The OpenCIT is a continuous integration and test automation tool.

OpenEngSB
---------

The OpenCIT is developed based upon the OpenEngSB. Currently the project is
maintained by the same developers working on the OpenEngSB. So if you need help
or further information about the OpenCIT feel free to contact the OpenEngSB
developer team. Further information about the OpenEngSB can be found at 
[http://openengsb.org/](http://openengsb.org/).

Commit message:

[OPENCIT-100] Update the readme files
Currently the source tree and binary distribution readmes contain the same content, but I decided to keep them
separated because we may want to add things like build instructions that make sense in one of the files only.

README.md, after:

====
    Copyright 2011 OpenEngSB Division, Vienna University of Technology

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
====

LICENSE
==========================

The OpenCIT is developed and released under the Apache 2 license. The license 
file is packaged with this distribution (LICENSE), but also available 
[here](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). The included
NOTICE file lists all external libraries and there specific licenses.

OpenCIT
-------
The Open Continuous Integration and Test (OpenCIT) server can be used to automatically build, test and deploy projects. It makes it easier for developers to integrate changes and easier for users to obtain fresh builds of a project.

The OpenCIT tries to provide additional benefits compared to other CI & T solutions by building upon the open and highly customizable OpenEngSB platform. Furthermore the OpenCIT itself is also a FOSS project, which provides its users with the possibility to adapt all aspects of the CI & T process.

The domain and connector concept of the OpenEngSB make it possible to define the OpenCIT workflow completely independent of specific tools. Therefore any build, test and deploy tool can be used together with the OpenCIT.

Using OpenCIT
-------------
For an extensive manual see http://opencit.openengsb.org/manual/html-multi/opencit-manual.html

For a quickstart: Start OpenCIT with bin/opencit (or bin/opencit.bat if you are using Microsoft Windows) and use any web browser to open http://localhost:8090/opencit.

OpenEngSB
---------

The OpenCIT is developed based upon the OpenEngSB. Currently the project is
maintained by the same developers working on the OpenEngSB. So if you need help
or further information about the OpenCIT feel free to contact the OpenEngSB
developer team. Further information about the OpenEngSB can be found at 
[http://openengsb.org/](http://openengsb.org/).
